Document OS boot slot changing using the GRUB boot menu (#34502)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/common-tasks/os.markdown

    ha os boot-slot other
    ```

> Alternatively, if the Operating Systems runs on a platform that uses the GRUB bootloader, a boot menu is presented early in the boot. The alternative boot slot can be selected here, marking it active for future boots if the following boot attempt is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps above do not apply if the operating system runs on a platform that uses the GRUB bootloader. In this case, you will be presented with a boot menu early in the boot. 
- Select the alternative boot slot.
- If the following boot attempt is successful, this boot slot is marked as active for future boots.
```
Tiny rephrase suggestion. Feel free to rework if you disagree.

Author: It's not true, the steps still apply, it's just an alternative way how it can be done.
